Title: US Judicial history
Description: Judicial history in the US including key court cases and what they established.
What are the most important US Supreme Court cases?
What did plessy v. ferguson establish?
How about marbury vs madison?
Was it unanimous?
What was the implication of roe vs wade?
What were the main arguments?
What was the point of the brown v board of education?
What were the main arguments?
Why is it important today?

Title: Neolithic revolution
Description: The neolithic revolution and technology used within it, when it emerged in the British isles.  The transition to the bronze age and its significance. 
What was the neolithic revolution?
When did it start and end?
Why did it start?
What did the neolithic invent?
What tools were used?
When was it brought to the British isles?
What period follow it?
What was its significance?
What were the houses like?

Title: flowering plants for cold climates 
Description: You would like to buy and take care of flowering plants for cold climates.
What flowering plants work for cold climates?
How much cold can pansies tolerate?
Can it survive frost?
Does it have different varieties?
How do I protect my plants from cold weather?
How do plants adapt to cold temperature?
What is the UK hardiness rating for plants?
How does it compare to the US rating?
What's the UK rating for pansies?
What about petunias?

Title: chemical energy
Description: You are researching chemical energy and different types of chemical reactions. 
What is chemical energy?
Describe a chemical reaction
How is it represented mathematically?
Give me an example
What are the different kinds of reactions?
What is a decomposition reaction?
How is it a chemical change?
What is a synthesis reaction?
Tell me the differences between synthesis and decomposition

Title: Uranus and Neptune
Description: You would like to learn about Uranus including how it compares to other planets, particularly Neptune.
Describe Uranus
What makes it so unusual?
Tell me more about its orbit
Why is it tilted?
How is its rotation different from others?
What is peculiar about the sunshine on uranus?
Are there any other planets similar to it?
Describe Neptune
What is so special about it?
Can life exists on these planets?
