Number: 1
Title: career choice for Nursing and Physician's Assistant
Description: Considering career options for becoming a physician's assistant vs a nurse.  Discussion topics include required education (including time, cost), salaries, and which is better overall.
1	What is a physician's assistant?
2	What are the educational requirements required to become one?
3	What does it cost?
4	What's the average starting salary in the UK?
5	What about in the US?
6	What school subjects are needed to become a registered nurse?
7	What is the PA average salary vs an RN?
8	What the difference between a PA and a nurse practitioner?
9	Do NPs or PAs make more?
10	Is a PA above a NP?
11	What is the fastest way to become a NP?
12	How much longer does it take to become a doctor after being an NP?

Number: 2
Title: goat breeds
Description: Interested in buying goats that implies interest in different breeds of goats and their use (milk, meat, and fur).
1	What are the main breeds of goat?
2	Tell me about boer goats.
3	What breed is good for meat?
4	Are angora goats good for it?
5	What about boer goats?
6	What are pygmies used for?
7	What is the best for fiber production?
8	How long do Angora goats live?
9	Can you milk them?
10	How many can you have per acre?
11	Are they profitable?

Number: 3
Title: irregular heart beat
Description: Find information about irregular heart beat.  This includes atrial fibrillation (afib) and atrial flutter), sinus bradycardia, and tachycardia.
1	Tell me about the types of irregular heart beat.
2	How serious is an irregular heart beat?
3	What are the different types of tachycardia?  
4	What is atrial flutter?
5	What causes it?
6	What's the difference between flutter and fibrillation?
7	How does afib affect an ECG?
8	Does it shorten your life?
9	What triggers it?
10	How do you stop an attack?
11	What is the best exercise for it?

Number: 4
Title: The Neolithic Revolution
Description: The neolithic revolution and technology used within it and when it emerged in the british isles.  Also, the transition to the bronze age and its significance.
1	What was the neolithic revolution?
2	When did it start and end?
3	Why did it start?
4	What did the neolithic invent?
5	What tools were used?
6	When was it brought to the british isles?
7	Describe the period that follows it.
8	What was its significance?
9	What were the houses like?

Number: 5
Title: cooking turkey
Description: Information about cooking a turkey including brining it, smoking it, and using leftovers (including recipes).
1	What are the best ways to cook a turkey?
2	Should I brine a turkey before smoking it?
3	How much salt do I use to brine it?
4	What kind of wood should I use?
5	How long should it be smoked for?
6	Is it healthy?
7	What can you do with leftovers?
8	How long are leftovers good for in the fridge?
9	What's a recipe for soup using it?
10	How about one for chili?

Number: 6
Title: judicial history
Description: Judicial history in the US including key court cases and what they established.
1	What are the most important US supreme court cases?
2	What did Plessy v. Ferguson establish?
3	How about Marbury vs Madison?
4	Was it unanimous?
5	What was the implication of Roe vs Wade?
6	What were the main arguments?
7	What was the point of Brown v Board of Ed?
8	What were the main arguments?
9	Why is it important today?

Number: 7
Title: macromolecules
Description: A comparison of types of basic macromolecules: carbohydrates and lipids. 
1	What are the different types of macromolecules?
2	Tell me about the characteristics of carbohydrates.
3	What are they composed of?
4	What is their basic structure?
5	What are the main types with examples of each?
6	Tell me about lipids.
7	What is their function?
8	What are the types?
9	What is the most common?
10	What is the difference between them and carbohydrates?
11	Why are carbs better?

Number: 8
Title: securities acts
Description: Find information regarding U.S. securities acts, as well as where securities are traded.
1	What was the Securities Act of 1933?
2	What is exempt from it?
3	Why was it needed?
4	What was the reason for creating the 1934 act?
5	What is the largest securities exchange in the world?
6	How and when when was the NYSE created?
7	What was the first stock market? 

Number: 9
Title: statistics and studying it for a career
Description:  Explore metrics for understanding range in statistics, and career options in statistics.
1	Why is statistics important?
2	Why should one study it?
3	Tell me about its career options.
4	Are Data Scientists in high demand?
5	How much do they make on average in a year?
6	What is range?
7	Describe some different metrics to interpret it.
8	What are quartiles?
9	How do you find the lower and upper quartile?

Number: 10
Title: freezing water and coldest places on Earth
Description: Requires information about the process involved in freezing of water. Also, requests information about the coldest places on Earth in Antarctica.
1	How does water freeze?
2	What happens to its molecules?
3	Why isn't the bottom of the ocean frozen?
4	Can the bottom of the ocean freeze?
5	Where is the coldest place on Earth?
6	Does Dome Fuji have inhabitants?
7	Why is Antarctica so cold?
8	How cold is the water underneath the ice?
9	What is the biggest town?

Number: 11
Title: futuristic designs
Description: General questions regarding futuristic designs and how it has affected the world of technology.
1	What are futuristic designs?
2	How did this become a new trend?
3	Why are most of the constructions inspired by these designs?
4	What are the different domains where such designs have been adapted?
5	How has it affected technology?
6	How have the different giants in the business responded to this?
7	Has its introduction led to increase in business?
8	If designs are already futuristic, how will this change in the future? 

Number: 12
Title: LASIK surgery
Description: Find information about LASIK surgery, including its pros and cons, alternatives etc.
1	What is a good age to get LASIK?
2	Give me a short description of the procedure.
3	What are its benefits?
4	What are the risks?
5	Describe experiences of some people who had it done.
6	Are there any good alternatives to it?
7	What is its success rate?
8	Once it's done, what kind of precautions do I need to take?
9	Does the effect wear off with age?

Number: 13
Title: tofu
Description: Describe tofu, cooking methods, including recipes, and possible health effects.
1	What is tofu exactly?
2	How is it made?
3	What are its origins?
4	What is the best?
5	Is it a kind of cheese?
6	Can I eat it raw?
7	What are common ways to cook it?
8	In what cuisines is it popular?
9	Is it good for you?
10	Can it make you sick?
11	Is too much of it bad for you?

Number: 14
Title: data center network architectures 
Description: Technical information about data center network architectures.
1	What are scalable data center network architectures?
2	What are some examples?
3	Describe the characteristics of FAT tree topology.
4	What routes can be taken by an upstream packet?
5	Describe core, aggregator and edge switches.
6	Are flows bidirectional?
7	How many forwarding rules are there in each layer of the tree?
8	Describe the jellyfish architecture.
9	Which architecture is more resilient to failure?

Number: 15
Title: International Linguistics Olympiad
Description: Information about the International Linguistics Olympiad, and linguistics in general.
1	Tell me about the International Linguistics Olympiad.
2	How do I prepare for it?
3	How tough is the exam?
4	What kind of problems can I expect?
5	Tell me about the history of linguistics as a field.
6	Who was Panini and what were his contributions?
7	What is the link between linguistics and computer science?

Number: 16
Title: blood sugar
Description: Blood sugar levels and possible complications that may arise due to it.
1	What is a normal blood sugar level?
2	What does it mean if it's higher than this?
3	What is a dangerous level?
4	How do you bring it down quickly?
5	How fast can it rise?
6	And what if it's lower than normal?
7	How does this make you feel?
8	Do different activities lead to an imbalance?
9	Is there a relation between age and sugar levels?

Number: 17
Title: forms of energy
Description: Energy and its various forms.
1	What are the different forms of energy?
2	How can it be stored?
3	What type of energy is used in motion?
4	Tell me about mechanical energy.
5	Give me some examples.
6	Why is sound a form of mechanical energy?
7	How does it differ from potential energy?
8	Are potential and kinetic the same?
9	What type does chemical energy belong to?
10	What form of energy is used in eating?

Number: 18
Title: Uranus and Neptune
Description: Information about Uranus and Neptune.
1	Describe Uranus.
2	What makes it so unusual?
3	Tell me about its orbit.
4	Why is it tilted?
5	How is its rotation different from other planets?
6	What is peculiar about its seasons?
7	Are there any other planets similar to it?
8	Describe the characteristics of Neptune.
9	Why is it important to our solar system?
10	How are these two planets similar to each other?
11	Can life exist on either of them?

Number: 19
Title: chemical reaction
Description: Information about chemical reactions.
1	What is chemical energy?
2	Describe a chemical reaction.
3	How is it represented mathematically?
4	Give me an example.
5	What are the different kinds of reactions?
6	What is a decomposition reaction?
7	How is it a chemical change?
8	What is a synthesis reaction?
9	Tell me the differences between synthesis and decomposition.

Number: 20
Title: cell membrane
Description: Information about the cell membrane and its functions.
1	Describe cell membranes.
2	What are its important functions?
3	Tell me about the phospholipid bilayer.
4	What are its functions?
5	What if the membrane gets damaged?
6	Do they repair themselves?
7	Which nutrients may help in the repair process?

Number: 21
Title: weathering
Description: General queries regarding weathering, its various types, how it affects rocks etc.
1	What is weathering?
2	What are its major types?
3	Tell me about chemical weathering.
4	How is it different from biological weathering?
5	Does it change the composition of rocks?
6	What is the end product of chemical weathering?
7	Give me an example.
8	What happens when quartz undergoes weathering?

Number: 22
Title: spices
Description: Questions about spices, their benefits, and their composition.
1	What are the most common spices used in cooking?
2	How are they different from herbs?
3	Why do spices taste good?
4	Where do most of them come from?
5	What cuisines use them heavily?
6	What are the most popular Indian ones?
7	Tell me about turmeric.
8	Are there any benefits of consuming it?
9	What is the oldest spice?
10	What is the most expensive and why?

Number: 23
Title: cattle farming for meat and dairy
Description: Inquires about two different types of cattle farming - meat and dairy.
1	What are the main types of cattle farming?
2	What breeds produce the most milk?
3	How much do Holsteins produce?
4	What is special about Jersey milk?
5	Do we eat dairy cows?
6	What are the most common breeds for meat?
7	Where are angus beef from?
8	How much space do they need?

Number: 24
Title: smoking cessation
Description: Understanding the various ill effects of smoking and methods to prevent it.
1	How can I help my friend stop smoking?
2	What are its long term effects?
3	Does it cause cancer?
4	What makes it so addictive?
5	Are there any alternatives to nicotine?
6	How effective are the patches?
7	Tell me about the cold turkey method.
8	Describe typical withdrawal symptoms.

Number: 25
Title: killer whales
Description: More information about killer whales, and about a good time to observe them.
1	Tell me about Orca whales.
2	Are they really whales?
3	How do they hunt?
4	What do they eat?
5	Where did they get their name?
6	Are they dangerous?
7	Where can go to watch them?
8	When is a good season for spotting them?
9	How does captivity affect them? 

Number: 26
Title: chemical elements
Description: Understanding various aspects of chemical elements, including how they are represented, relation to human body etc.
1	What defines a chemical element?
2	How are they related to the Periodic Table?
3	How is it organised?
4	How does a chemical compound differ from an element?
5	What are different types of compounds?
6	How are they formed?
7	Which ones are important for the human body?
8	What are important ones used on a daily basis?

Number: 27
Title: dietary needs
Description: Trying to understand the importance of various dietary needs and its benefits.
1	What comprises a balanced diet?
2	Is it the same for men as well as women?
3	What are some specific recommendations for women?
4	Are dairy products necessary for a good health?
5	Can it harm you instead?
6	How necessary is fiber?
7	What happens if it's consumed in a smaller amount than recommended?

Number: 28
Title: global warming
Description: Understanding global warming, its dangers and what could be done to avoid it.
1	Describe global warming.
2	What are its dangers?
3	Are there any methods to prevent it getting worse?
4	What can I do at an individual level?
5	How do I reduce my carbon footprint?
6	Is the US government doing anything about it?
7	How is overpopulation related?

Number: 29
Title: British Invasion (music)
Description: You want to find out more about the phenomenon of British Invasion in rock music.
1	What is the British Invasion in music?
2	What era did it happen?
3	What genre did it involve?
4	What is so special about it?
5	Which bands were a key part?
6	What was the leading band and what was its role?
7	Is it related to any other musical movements?
8	What was its impact on American music?
9	What other music movement succeeded it?

Number: 30
Title: Linux and Windows
Description: A comparison of Windows and Linux, followed by some tips regarding software installation etc.
1	What are some advantages of using Linux?
2	Can I run Windows software in it?
3	How does it compare to Windows?
4	Which of these is more popular?
5	How do I install software on it?
6	What is an easy way to install Python?
7	Tell me about how I can share files.
